Welcome back.
In the last task, I gave you an overview of the auto ML
landscape and how it shoe auto ml fits into the picture.
Before we get started with the actual project, let me quickly
introduce you to the Rhyme interface.
When the project starts, you will see two windows on your
screen.
The narrow window on the right hand side is this recorded
video. When you hover over my video, you'll find a play bar
at the bottom with which you can pause and resume
this video, and you can also change the playback speed.
If you think my delivery is a bit slow,
I recommend increasing the playback speed to about 1.2 x
or 1.5 x. That's just my personal preference.
And now, over on the left hand side, you'll see a much bigger
window.
This is your Rhyme Cloud desktop.
The great thing about the Rhyme platform is that you
can watch my screen and listen to my instructions
and at the same time follow along on your own cloud desktop.
After all, research has shown that we learned best
with active and hands on learning.
Your club desktop comes with all the software we will need
to complete this project already installed for you
so you don't have to worry about setting up your local
computer, and you can just focus on learning so open on your
screen.
You will see a browser window within your cloud desktop
with Jupiter Lab already open.
So this is where we will be writing our code for today.
So click on this notebook titled Htoo Htoo Auto ML, and what
you'll notice is that this is a blank notebook with only
some tedious aspects of the code, like importing the packages
and some helper functions already pre filled for you.
So for now, let's start under the task to section and run
this code.
So so to run this coat sell, you can click anywhere
within this code cell and hold down, shift and press enter.
So what this is going to do is import some helpful libraries
that we will be using later in this project.
So we're going to use pandas and numb pie for data
manipulation and Matt plot lib to create visualizations
and graphics.
While that runs, let's talk about the data that we're going
to use today.
It's stored on this folder called Data Over on the Desktop.
So it's stored in this folder called Project, which has a sub
folder called Data, and you can feel free to perhaps just
look at me screen for now.
Or you can open up this Excel spreadsheet on your own club
desktop.
It should take about a minute to load, because this is our
five file sizes around 5.5 MP or so all right,
So from this spreadsheet in the Procedure tab, it tells us
that there's data about client information such as age, job,
education level and so on.
And then there's the client loan history and history
about previous marketing campaigns and their outcomes
and data.
And there's also information about whether clients previously
enrolled in term loans or term deposits, which is what we
will be trying to predict today.
So if you look at the bottom here, there are separate sheets
for each type of information in the client info sheet.
You can see all of this along with the unique I D for clients.
You can see that there's a mix of numerical and categorical
data, and you can see that we have columns for age job.
What is their marital status?
Are they single, married or divorced?
What the education level is and so on.
So that's the client information, and you can see it's got
this I d field.
And that's what we're going to use to join all
of these separate sheets in our data frame using pandas.
So each of these customers has a unique customer, i D.
And now let's go over to the loan history sheet and you
can see that again.
It's got the I.
D column, and in addition to this, you can see whether or not
the clients have defaulted in the past and whether they have
a balance and how much that balances, and also
whether they've got a home loan or a personal loan as well.
So we've got We've also got the banks passed marketing
history on the next sheet with each of those same clients,
so the bank is tracking things like duration, which is what
is the length of time of the last point of contact and which
campaign that contact was on.
And what type of contact was that was it through a cellular
service or email or even unknown, like you see here and then
in the columns to the right.
We also see what was the outcome of that last contact,
the day and role in anything or not.
And then finally, we see the subscription history sheet.
So this is the subscription history of the term deposit.
So for each of these different clients, they have
whether or not they've previously enrolled in the term
deposit program.
So the idea here is that, like in most machine learning work
flows, the first step is to collect this debt data.
And now that we have the data, the next step is to merge
this information into one table.
Now, you know that if you wanted to do your analysis in Excel
or Google Sheets, you know it's going to be a real pain
to join and merge all these different sheets using
some function like we look up in excel instead.
What we're going to do is load the data using the Pandas
library in Python.
Join me in the next task to do exactly that in the task
three subheading in our Jupiter notebook.
See you there.