Hi there.
Welcome to this.
Hands on project on Automatic Machine Learning with H
20 audio ML.
By the time you complete this project, you will be able
to explain what automatic machine learning is and perform
automatic machine learning with H 20 audio, ml and Python
and finally apply H two autumn L to a business and marketing
analytics problem.
Let me quickly show you the business analytics problem
we are going to be working with today.
So this spreadsheet that you see here contains information
about direct marketing campaigns of a Portuguese bank
to clients.
The marketing campaigns were based on phone calls and emails.
So the company doing the marketing here is a bank or banking
institution, and what they were trying to do was to measure
and predict the enrolment of clients in one of their products
called term deposits.
You can see they have a bunch of different features and data
that they collected on all their customers, and what
they were trying to do is to see whether or not their
customers were enrolling in that product called a term
deposit.
So with that in mind, we are going to use a very popular
machine learning platform called H 20 and it's tool called
Auto ML, to predict whether or not customers will enroll
in this banks product, which is a term deposit.
If you're not familiar with H 20 and actual auto ml, let's go
over a presentation or rather, a slide deck from the chief
machine learning scientists at Actual, whose name is Aaron.
So here it says that it's Chuo is an open source distributed
machine learning platform with implementations of cutting
edge ml algorithms.
And while the core algorithms are written in high performance
Java H. Roe has APIs available in our python and scaler
and even a Web GUI where you can do all the machine
learning through a GUI.
But today we are going to use a chose python, API and tools
like pandas for data manipulation.
And here's how I think about automated machine learning,
so it's a kind.
It's kind of the same way you think about machine learning
and data science, work flows in general and the automation
of those parts.
So there's certain aspects of data preparation
that can be done automatically, and we'll go more into detail
later in the project.
Then there's anything that anything to do with generating
models.
This is something you really want to automate,
because if you're doing it manually, it can take a very long
time and a lot of expertise to figure out which models
are trained and how to evaluate them.
And another very important aspect to consider when thinking
about automatic machine learning is what is really the goal
of automatic machine learning.
For me, at least, the goal is to find the best possible model
in the least amount of time or the least amount of effort.
Some of you might have different goals like, say, I want the
most interpretable model or something like that.
But for now, let's focus on the goal of getting the best
model. So if you want to get the best model, the solution is
almost always using ensembles With Auto ML, you
can either focus on individual models or you can say your
goal is to get the best model regardless of the complexity.
And for any of you have participated in kagle and chemical
competitions, you would know that every Kagle competition is
one by an ensemble of some sort.
And what an ensemble means, if you're not familiar, is just
taking a group of models and combining them together somehow
to get a better model than you would compared to any
of the individual ones.
So in terms of Auto ML, this is a pretty generic term.
There's a lot of people using it in a lot of different ways.
So too ambiguous.
The term the chief machine learning scientists at H 20 Aaron
put together a blog post that I highly recommend you check
out its you confined this over in the project.
Overview reading.
It's important to understand what auto mail means
because there are companies like Google, for example, who
have something they call Auto Ml.
And it's very different from what most of the auto Emma world
has been working on.
So you can think about automobile being split into two worlds.
There's one like with Google, where auto ML is used on
complex data like images or video or text, and then you would
use a deep learning approach and what the goal with Autumn
all there is to automate the architecture search of neural
networks and their hyper parameters and for every other type
of data.
So more tabular data, like most businesses, work with your
dealing with sort of like the equivalent of a spreadsheet or
a table where their numbers and categorical data so probably
what you're more used to.
So that would be the other type of auto Mel I'm talking about
today. And that could involve any or all of the machine
learning algorithms that you're familiar but like random for
us. Radiant boosted machines, linear models.
And you can even use deep learning to clarify.
But what I want to say is that we're talking about tabular
data that looked like spreadsheets and probably 99% of the
machine learning that's being applied in business cases right
now is on tabular data.
So what is H 20 auto amount for data pre processing?
Here's what we'd consider aspect of automatic machine
learning things like data amputation, dealing with missing
values.
One hot encoding, normalizing or standardizing your data an
issue. AutoML takes care of all of this for you.
You don't even have to convert your categorical or factor
data into one hot encoded representations.
So once you're done with data prep.
There are different ways to train models and, ah, issue Auto
ML does grid search or random search, which is what most of
you may be familiar with.
Essentially, the idea is that you have some hyper parameters
for various families of models, and the goal is to find
those values that give you the best model.
So here in this light, is an overview of issue Autumn L in
the current stable release.
So we have all the basic pre processing, and then you trained
random grids of all the ML algorithms like G B. M's,deep
neural networks, general linear models, XGboost.
And then we individually tune the models.
And once you have the models, AutoML trains 2-stacked
ensembles at the end, and once auto ml, the autumn of process
is complete, Itcho gives us a lead herbal leaderboard.
Sorry, which is just a ranking of all the models.
Based on cross validation performance.
It would be ranked by some default metric, but you can always
switch what the metric is like Ah, perhaps log loss or AUC  for binary classification, for example, and then, since
these are a stroll models that can easily be exported to
production, including ensembles.
So I hope you now have a general understanding of automatic
machine learning and what it is and what a true auto Mel does.
That's at the prerequisites for this project are that you
have prior programming experience in Python and are familiar
with writing code for machine learning.
In Python, for example, with a library like psychic learn, we
will not be talking about things like how linear models work
or how random forests work or the theory or math behind them.
Instead, we assume you have prior experience with machine
learning and want to learn how to use H 20 for auto M o.
So that way, with auto mou conspire your time on data
preparation and feature engineering and advanced feature
engineering to give your models and edge.
And once you have prepared your data into a tabular format,
Huml can take care of the modeling and hyper parameter
optimization for you.
Okay, so that was a lot of talking for me.
And I assure you that for the rest of the project, you and I
will be writing ah, lot of code in a very hands on fashion
and now that you have a general overview, joined me in the
next house to get familiar with the Rhyme interface and also
the data that we're going to be using today.