Welcome back in this last task, let's explore the base Lerner
a bit more the base learner that best contributes to our best
performing stocked ensemble.
So that, for me corresponds to this model called extra boost
Grid one auto ml model to this could be a different model
for you about But regardless, I recommend that you copy
the first entry.
Ah, corresponding to your variable importance for the meta
learner.
So I'm just going to go ahead and press control, see, or ah,
command, see if you're using And what we can do is go ahead
and import this baseliner for top performing baseliner.
So I strode dot get underscore model and we can just paste
in the string that corresponds to our the big thing
and from here, repressed shift enter to go ahead and load it
as our model.
And now we can evaluate the performance of your space liner
on the crescent in that model underscore performance
and plus in the press it and the shift Ah, hit, shift enter.
We should see the model a metrics for the base learner.
And for me, it's the extra boost auto ml model.
And here I see that we have a pretty good law gloss off 0.194
and a high you see of as your 0.938 You can also take a look
at some of these other tables that are other metrics, such
as the confusion matrix and so on on what we can do,
additionally, is look at what are the most important features
to this baseliner model.
And so now when we call on the variable importance, we can
even plot it because currently stocked ensemble doesn't have
the variable importance feature.
Rather, it shows you how much each model each baseliner
in the ensemble contributes, rather than the individual
features from the actual data itself.
But to take a look at the actual variable importance
of the features, let's type in model about B A r I M p its
core plot, and here you can specify the number of features.
The default is 10 but we may have ah, a lot of much more
than 10 features, maybe 17 and so I'll just select features
equals and then hit shift enter.
And if you see this error, you just need to correct
this variable important spot There's just one m there
and also correctness.
There's no, uh, numb underscore features.
And if you actually want to take a look at the dock string
of this function, you can type in model that we are I am p
underscore Block a question mark and hit shift, enter
and you go.
This is what you'd see.
And right below this, hopefully you see, uh, the dog string.
So here we go.
We need to specify the argument that says number underscore
off underscore features.
So let's go ahead and take a look of that.
Here we are, all right.
I'll just delete the cell and type in the right argument name
here. All right.
Now, when we run this, we will see the variable importance
plot, and it makes intuitive sense that duration
and the previous a successful outcome would contribute
to the clients and rolling in a term deposit with a bank.
So the duration of the call of their last contact is really
important.
And that makes sense because the longer you have them
on the phone, you can explain to them the benefits of your
particular product, and also your clients might be more
inclined to enroll in a term deposit if your campaigns ah
outreach of them previously has been successful, all right.
And with that, we come to the end of this guided project
on automatic machine learning with H 20 audio ML.
To take a few moments to synthesize are just absorb all what
brief all what you've accomplished in this one hour long
project.
You now understand at a high level at least what automatic
machine learning is, and you'll be able to explain what
the differences between Google's version of Auto ML
and the rest of the world's were version of autumn ml.
Where, rather than optimizing a neural architecture search
and ah, hyper parameter optimization is, rather
than automating that process out of ML as we define it is
actually the automation of processes like a data
preparation, which includes data imputation, standardizing,
normalizing, re scaling data and perhaps feature engineering
and ah, even the modelling process.
You also learn how to use H 20 if you haven't used it
before, and you are able to apply it.
Chose auto ml feature to a business problem to predict
whether clients off a bank will enroll in a term deposit
Prada. And with that, I want to let you know that you
will have full access to the data set for this project
and the completed Jupiter notebook over on the resource is
section on the coursera page for this course.
If you want to download the file that you particularly have
just written on your own club desktop, then what I advise you
to do is, uh, see between my video and your cloud desktop,
you'll see a vertical panel and you should click
on the folder icon there and navigate through the tree
structure and click on the files that you want to download
and then press yes to confirm All right with that, I wish you
good luck and I hope to see you in future Rhyme.
Machine learning and data science projects have a good one.